{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red96\green94\blue94;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c37647\c36863\c36863;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf0 \
Welcome to Athletica (\'93Athletica,\'94 \'93we\'94, \'93us\'94 or \'93our\'94). This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Athletica collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User").\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx467\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Instagram services (collectively, the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx467\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including live stream, comments, messaging and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx467\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5
\fs20 	
\f0\fs32 Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users").\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li240\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li240\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1. HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We collect the following types of information.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \uc0\u8203 
\b0 \cf2 \

\b \cf0 Information you provide us directly:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx467\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Your first and last name, password and e-mail address when you register for an Athletica account.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \
\pard\tx448\tx448\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Profile information that you provide for your user profile (e.g., first and last name, picture, education, stats, bio, phone number). This information allows us to help you or others be "found" by coaches on Athletica.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \
\pard\tx469\pardeftab720\li499\fi-380\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 User Content (e.g., live streams, photos, comments, and other materials) that you post to the Service.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab720\li538\fi-419\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Communications between you and Athletica. For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related e-mails.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 How we use your information:\
\
\pard\tx467\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 To improve customer service. Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 To personalize user experience. We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on Athletica.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 To improve Athletica. We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Send periodic emails in order to communicate with you.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Diagnose and fix technology problems.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Develop and test new products and features.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li240\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Analytics information:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.\cf2 \
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Device identifiers:\
\
\pard\tx467\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Instagram.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \uc0\u8203 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Athletica does not sell or rent your information to commercial marketers offering to sell you non-education and/or non-sports related products and services.\cf2 \
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 3. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx467\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, and data stored with Athletica. However, Athletica cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Athletica or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Instagram, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which Athletica, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and Instagram, at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Instagram make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.\
\
\
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 4. CHILDREN\'92S PRIVACY\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Athletica is not intended for, and we have no intention of collecting Personal Information from, persons under the age of 13. If a person under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. If you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to access or submit any content or information to Athletica.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 5. YOU MAINTAIN YOUR INFORMATION\
\
\pard\tx467\pardeftab720\li480\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Update your account at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings.\
\

\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Unsubscribe from email communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).\
\
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 6. OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.\cf2 \
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 7. HOW TO CONTACT US\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:\'a0\cf2 \
\cf0 This document was last updated on June 27, 2017.\cf2 \
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 8. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Athletica may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Athletica or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\
}