{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red96\green94\blue94;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c37647\c36863\c36863;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Terms & Conditions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 These Terms of Use govern your use of this site and mobile application.\'a0The following are terms of a legal agreement between you (\'93you\'94 or \'93your\'94) and Athletica and its affiliates (\'93Athletica,\'94 \'93we,\'94 \'93us,\'94 \'93our\'94). By accessing this site and mobile applications or using the services offered through this site, you are indicating your acknowledgment and acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy.\cf2 \
\cf0 We urge you to read these Terms of Use carefully and to check back periodically as these Terms of Use may change from time to time and Athletica may revise the Terms of Use and our\'a0Privacy Policy\'a0at any time without notice to you. Your use of this site after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of the changes. The revised Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will be effective when posted.\cf2 \
\cf0 You agree that your use of this website and mobile application will not violate any local, national or international law. All of the information you have provided\'a0\'a0and the Athletica mobile app is completely accurate and truthful. You have not and will not access incorrect information (you have not and will not access other user\'92s passwords, usernames, etc.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 AUTHORIZATION\'a0TO\'a0USE\'a0SITE\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms of Use, Athletica hereby grants you limited permission to access and use the site. All permission granted under these Terms of Use to you is done so on a limited, terminable, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, non-assignable, and non-sub-licensable basis and not sold. The material and all other User Materials posted on or through the site may not otherwise be copied, rebroadcast, resold, reprinted, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or used in any way unless specifically authorized in writing by Athletica. You have no other rights whatsoever to use the site, or portions thereof, including but not limited to its databases, invisible pages, linked pages, underlying code, or other intellectual property the site may contain.\cf2 \
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 LEGAL DISCLAIMER\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You agree that use of the Athletica is at your sole risk. Athletica does not warrant that the site or its services will be uninterrupted or error free. Athletica does not make any warranty as to the results obtained from usage of the site or as to the accuracy, reliability, or content of any information, service, or merchandise provided through the\'a0site.\cf2 \
\cf0 You agree that your use of the site will not violate any local, national or international law. All of the information you have provided Athletica is completely accurate and truthful. You have not and will not access unrightful information (you have not and will not access other user\'92s passwords, usernames, etc.). By registering for a coach/recruiter account, you must be a\'a0Club, AAU, High School, Professional, NCAA\'a0Division I,\'a0II, or\'a0III\'a0or other college athletic association head coach, assistant coach and/or official collegiate or professional recruiter and be currently employed or have been previously employed by a high school, college, professional or club organization in the sport for which you are registering. By registering untruthfully as a college coach/recruiter, high school coach/recruiter or club coach/recruiter you can and will be held liable for your actions and the consequences. This is considered unrightful access to information and Athletica reserves the right to pursue further action.\cf2 \
\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 SAFETY\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 We do our best to keep Athletica safe, but we cannot guarantee it. The following is how we expect are users to help us keep Athletica safe.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access Athletica, using automated means without our prior permission.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 2.	You will not steal content or posts from other users and use it as your own.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 3.	You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on Athletica.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 4.	You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 5.	You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 6.	You will not bully, intimidate, or harass any user.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 7.	You will not post content that: is hate speech, threatening, or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 8.	You will not use Athletica to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory.\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 9.	You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement or our policies.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8203 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 INTELLECTUAL\'a0PROPERTY
\b0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All text, graphics, photographs, videos, user interfaces, trademarks, and logos contained\'a0on, or comprising, our site, including without limitation the design, structure, selection, organization, compilation, display, arrangement, expression and \'93look and feel\'94 of our site, and the software comprising and/or embodying the foregoing (collectively, the \'93Athletica Content\'94), are owned, controlled\'a0or licensed by or to Athletica, and are protected\'a0under applicable\'a0intellectual\'a0property laws, including without limitation copyright, trade dress, trademark\'a0and/or patent laws. Your use of our site gives you no ownership\'a0rights in the Athletica Content.\cf2 \
\cf0 \'a9 2017 Athletica | All Rights Reserved.\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 HOW\'a0TO\'a0CONTACT\'a0US\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Should you have questions\'a0or concerns\'a0about these Terms of Use, please contact\'a0us by email as follows:\cf2 \
\cf0 Email:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Contact@AthleticaCo.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Contact@AthleticaCo.com}}
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
}